# solid-rock-gnt
## Basic Information
This is the official GitHub repository for the Greek New Testament published by Solid Rock Publications. The current edition of this text is compiled on Byzantine priority principles and is very close in character to the Robinson-Pierpont text hosted at https://github.com/byztxt/byzantine-majority-text. As the apparatus details differences between our edition and other editions, rather than actual manuscripts, it is not a true "critical apparatus," and accordingly, the Solid Rock Greek New Testament in its current form is not strictly a "critical text." Rather, the main goal of this edition is to provide the community with a basis of comparison between the state of the art and various historical methodologies in New Testament textual criticism.

We feel that this goal is best achieved through making our work freely available to anyone interested in using or expanding it. While printed copies of the text with and without the apparatus are available for purchase through Amazon and other vendors (and all support is appreciated!), the files for the text and textual apparatus will be stored here and maintained to incorporate minor edits and corrections between major releases. The text and apparatus are stored in separate files, each formatted to maximize readability and ease of use.
## License
This work is hereby released into the public domain. Anyone is permitted to copy and distribute this text or any portion of this text. It may be incorporated in a larger work, and / or quoted from, stored in a database retrieval system, photocopied, reprinted, or otherwise duplicated by anyone without prior notification, permission, compensation to the holder, or any other restrictions. All rights to this text are released to everyone and no one can reduce these rights at any time. Likewise, we hereby release into the public domain the introduction, appendices, and textual apparatus which have been especially prepared for this edition.

The permitted use or reproduction of the Greek text or other material contained within this volume (whether by print, electronic media, or other form) does not imply doctrinal or theological agreement by the present editors and publisher with whatever views may be maintained or promulgated by other publishers. For the purpose of assigning responsibility, it is requested that the present editors' names and the title associated with this text as well as this disclaimer be retained in any subsequent reproduction of this material.
## About the Editors
**Joey McCollum** is a software developer in Roanoke, Virginia. His personal study in Koine Greek and background in mathematics and programming quickly guided him to New Testament textual criticism, where his cross-disciplinary interests could fruitfully interact. He has authored a number of unpublished studies on scribal habits and text-critical methodology, the most notable one outlining a machine learning-based method for the pre-genealogical classification of manuscripts and readings in the presence of cross-contamination. He has also served as a volunteer transcriber for the International Greek New Testament Project for a year, during which time he has completed over 100 full transcriptions of manuscripts in Galatians and Ephesians.

**Stephen L. Brown** is assistant pastor at First Baptist Church in North Conway, New Hampshire. During his teen years, he discovered a passion for and proficiency in linguistics and biblical languages including Koine Greek, biblical Hebrew, and Aramaic. Since then, he has produced a number of unpublished works on both New Testament and Old Testament textual criticism. His early text-critical work in the New Testament followed the reasoned eclectic methodology popular in modern scholarship, but his continued study raised questions about the assumptions of this approach, and these questions in turn led him to find a more viable alternative in Byzantine priority theory.
## Contact
All questions, corrections, and other feedback should be directed to contact-dot-solidrockpublications-at-gmail-dot-com.
